gluon-client-bridge: add WPA3 Enhanced Open client radio support (#1945)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/user/site.rst

    configure any subset of them:

    - ``ap`` creates a master interface where clients may connect

>     - ``owe`` creates a OWE interface where clients may connect (requires ``ap`` to be present)

Reviewer: Does it? Even if no transition mode was enabled?

Author: Currently yes, as it's state is set implicitly from the state of the regular client network.

This is something which should be improved, but I'm not quite sure how to handle this in the web wizard, as the settings required to change is dependent whether or not we are using transition mode.

Author: Altered to allow any combination.

    This will only affect new installations.
    Upgrades will not change the disabled state.

    ``ap`` holds the client network configuration.
    To create an unencrypted client network, a string named ``ssid`` which sets the

>     interface's ESSID is required. This is the WiFi the clients connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    interface's ESSID is required. This is the wireless network clients connect to.
```

    For an OWE secured network, the ``owe_ssid`` string has to be set. It sets the

>     SSID for the OWE network compatible clients can connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SSID for the opportunistically encrypted wireless network, to which compatible clients can connect to.
```

    ``ap`` requires a single parameter, a string, named ``ssid`` which sets the
    interface's ESSID. This is the WiFi the clients connect to.

    ``owe`` requires a single parameter, a string, named ``ssid`` which sets the
    interface's ESSID. This is the WiFi OWE capable clients can connect to.
    Additionally, the ``transition_mode`` parameter enables the transition mode.
    In this case, only the unencrypted SSID is visible. OWE capable clients will

>     automatically connect to the OWE network when selecting the unencrypted BSSID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    automatically connect to the OWE network based on information elements in the unencrypted SSIDs beacons.
```

    deployments of low-flash devices are required).

GLUON_FEATURES
    Defines a list of features to include. Depending on the device, the feature list
    defined from this value is combined with the feature list for either the standard
    or the tiny device-class. The resulting feature list is used to generate the default
    package set.

GLUON_FEATURES_standard

>     Defines a list of additional packages to include or exclude for devices of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Defines a list of additional features to include or exclude for devices of
```
